Synch from partner-center-pr finops (#1059)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/power-bi/data-ingestion.md

---
title: Data ingestion report
description: Learn about the Data Ingestion Report, which provides insights into the data ingested into your FinOps hub storage account.
author: bandersmsft
ms.author: banders
ms.date: 10/10/2024
ms.topic: concept-article
ms.service: finops
ms.reviewer: micflan
#customer intent: As a FinOps user, I want to learn about the Data ingestion report so that I can understand my incoming data.
---

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD025 -->
# Data ingestion report

> The **Data ingestion report** provides details about the data that got ingested into your FinOps hub storage account. You can download the Data ingestion report from the [latest release](https://github.com/microsoft/finops-toolkit/releases/latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Data ingestion report** provides details about the data that got ingested into your FinOps hub storage account. You can download the Data ingestion report from the [latest release](https://aka.ms/ftk/latest).
```
